Upstream provider induced ice cream (#16)
clearhaus/cake-legislation: legislation.tex

        \item Loosing office key fob.
        \item Occupying a meeting room booked by another person (without leaving immediately).
        \item If network down > 15 min, or network down > 2 times on one day (calendar days, not 24 hours) POP2 will provide cake.

>         \item Incident with a duration longer than 8 hours or requiring action from Clearhaus employees on duty, fully or primarily caused by upstream service provider (\emph{cake responsible organization} is Clearhaus A/S. The preferred type of cake for this rule is icecream).

Author: This should be `requiring action from Clearhaus employees on duty outside of normal office hours`

Reviewer: > normal office hours

That can be very hard to define and identify 😉

Author: Yes. That is why it's important with a review process for all important legislation. This is the 'høringsperiode' for this particular change.

Reviewer 2: It's never only _on duty_ :sweat_smile:

>         \item Incident with a duration longer than 8 hours or requiring action from Clearhaus employees on duty outside of normal office hours, fully or primarily caused by upstream service provider (\emph{cake responsible organization} is Clearhaus A/S. The preferred type of cake for this rule is icecream).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        \item Incident with a duration longer than 8 hours or requiring action from Clearhaus employees on duty outside of normal office hours, fully or primarily caused by upstream service provider (\emph{cake responsible organization} is Clearhaus A/S. The preferred type of cake for this rule is ice cream).
```

Is ice cream preferred no matter the time of year? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Of course. Ice-cream is totally decoupled from time
